Adding useful links to extension descriptions (#671)
microsoft/qsharp-compiler: src/VSCodeExtension/README.md

The Quantum Development Kit contains the tools you'll need to build your own quantum computing programs and experiments. 
Assuming some experience with Visual Studio Code, beginners can write their first quantum program, and experienced researchers can quickly and efficiently develop new quantum algorithms.

## Getting Started

To jump right in, take a look at our [Getting Started guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quickstarts/get-started) to learn about the structure of a Q# project and how to develop a quantum program with Q#.

> You can also try our [Quantum Computing Fundamentals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/quantum-computing-fundamentals/) learning path to get familiar with the basic concepts of quantum computing, building quantum programs and identify the kind of problems that can be solved.

Reviewer: Should we use the short URL `https://aka.ms/learnqc` here?
```suggestion
You can also try our [Quantum Computing Fundamentals](https://aka.ms/learnqc) learning path to get familiar with the basic concepts of quantum computing, build quantum programs, and identify the kind of problems that can be solved.
```
